(DOCSP-16571)(DOCSP-16572) Docs backfill for accessLists create and delete commands (#1546)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-accessLists-create.txt

Create an IP access list for your project.

The access list can contain trusted IP addresses, AWS security group IDs, and entries in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation. You can add only one access list entry at a time. You can create one access list per project. 
		

> Note: the command does not overwrite existing entries in the access list. Instead, it adds the new entries to the list of entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The command doesn't overwrite existing entries in the access list. Instead, it adds the new entries to the list of entries.
```
